I would have to say that the best area of or branch of psychology to study
is bio psychology, and that may be because I love it. And I'm biased.
Absolutely. That's probably why I'm saying that. But I truly,
truly believe in my heart that bio psychology, that understanding that
we are biological entities and therefore all of the amazing things
that we dio all of them, like just from simple stuff like choosing.
You know, Thio, eat this instead of this or go right instead of left
all the way up to writing symphonies and building, you know, bridges
and all of these crazy things that we dio all of this. All of this
is based in the fact that we're biological entities and we are.
That is where everything that we do comes from, and so understanding
how that biology effects, all of the things that we're capable of doing
is hugely important. And I feel that this is the direction that
psychology, just as the whole field is kind of going towards and it
will become more biological and more biological as we go along. And
I mean, if we look at psychology from the 18 hundreds to now. I mean,
it's completely more biologically centered than it ever waas back
then, and I think that trend is on Lee going to continue. And so for
that reason, I would argue that biological psychology is the most
important domain within the overall field of psychology. But I do admit
that I'm probably biased.